The Joe Rogan experience. You know, with this whole thing,
I realized I go on too much. I talk too much, like all old.
Women. No, you don't talk too much. Just the, the,
the problem is not the talking.
The problem is the people reacting to your talking.
I like to see people get lit. Yeah, it makes 'em go.
Woo my as no, I think it goes like this.
Uh, oh, something was off program. Oh,
I'm unraveling, like the wicked witch off program. Oh,
a bit of water got on you. Oh, it's off program, right? Yeah.
Eat it. The problem is not what you're saying. It isn't.
No, it's how.
I say it. Problem is people reacting to you. That's the problem. But.
I'm supposed to get a.
Reaction. Yeah. But they're fools the,
the ones who are freaking out and canceling this and firing that they're just
fools. They don't understand you. It.
Makes me think of that song, which you know, I said, it. I don't care about it.
No more. I'm going to become the rock star that I've always wanted to beat.
And I'm gonna sing that song. And here's a song I'm not gonna sing it right now,
but this was a song that refers to all that.
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good. Oh Lord. Oh Lord.
Please don't let me be misunderstood. Cause yeah. Life has its problems. Yeah.
That's my.
Share. That's a great quote. Isn't.
It? That was great words. Great, Eric. And what a great artist, you.
Know, we talked about on the last podcast,
I think was really important that people understand, you know,
I've been a fan of yours forever, and I know your story stories.
And I know what happened to you when you were a little girl,
when you got hit by a car and you were in a mental institution for nine months
afterwards and how it completely affected the way you think and behave.
And I don't think people you, that mm-hmm <affirmative> and it's one,
it was a really important thing for me to talk about during the last podcast.
One of the reasons why I wanted to get you in as quick as we could was people
need to understand what's happening here. What's happening. There was a,
a genius comic. Who's also on ambient smoking pot,
drinking Alta and has legitimate brain injury.
I do. And I have mental health issues.
I think a lot of that is from not just I do too genetics, but your brain injury.
Well, I, uh, I, uh.
The problem is people reacting to you, they're reacting to you. Like you're,
you're calling for people to be assassinated or murdered, or you're, you're,
you're yelling racial slurs in the streets. You're not doing any of things.
You you're not that person,
the reaction was so overblown and that ABC got so wacky and,
and canceled you. It was, it was so foolish. So fool hearty,
and to try to change who you were,
the reason why the show was successful was because of who you were.
And the fact that other people on the show didn't have your of ideology.
And you would argue with them and fight with them.
And it's like real life conflict, like people know in their own homes, right?
That relatable aspect of your show was why it was number one so quickly
and why the old show was so great. You you're that's you.
And they tried to mold you to these woke times and foolishly
reacted to the way you were talking as if you,
you were doing something that was like,
they changed what you were doing and made it this horrific, terrible thing.
It's.
Just, well, it's all because I said that I liked Trump.
As soon as they heard that, you know, a lot of cabals here in Hollywood,
that's all they needed to hear. It's like, okay, destroy. She must be destroyed.
Yeah. And I did hear people say, um, oh my God, I'm afraid.
She's gonna try to humanize Trump. Yes. At the network. They said that, yes.
Do you think that? And it's like, what
you mean Trump voters is that who you're afraid it's gonna get humanized half
the.
Country.
I know it's like such an elitist out of touch view of humans.
It it's always offended me. It always offended me that they, um,
didn't like their audience.
And I liked the audience cuz I thought I'm from there and familiar to
me. And uh, I, I vowed to myself.
I'm not gonna disrespect the audience. Yeah. And I never did.
And I never did sell out neither I, so everybody, you know,
there will come a day. I believe when, uh, you know,
uh, no, there won't, who knows what the will been. Who knows? Nothing.
Can happen. Yeah. Who knows what.
The gonna happen in inside my own head though?
I've I guess I've made peace with it. It was like the worst,
horrible thing I've ever gone through. Uh, my friend, Tiffany, she says,
she says that, uh,
this might be the beginning of the valuing of an artist rather than the,
because it was the lowest point of ever devaluing an artist and an artist's
work. She says, so maybe now it's turned around and, and the artist will be,
you know, better respected for what they bring. I hope.
So. Because I mean, they were even pulling your old show off of things. Yeah.
Which is just ridiculous.
That's kind of what killed the comedy thing for me is that I was also told that,
uh, one more, one more me getting in trouble. One more time.
I wouldn't have my reruns anymore. And I live on that, you know, Jesus Christ.
So that's kind of what killed the, so that.
Killed the idea of you going out and.
Doing yeah. I asked for, I asked for it to be defined. I, I said,
could I have a definition of what offensive means right. To you.
Right. And they said, you know what? It means that, oh Jesus. I said,
could you discuss it with my lawyers? No. You know what it means?
What does it mean?
I don't know. No, this is the.
Problem. It could mean you fired or something. Sometimes. I mean,
these people that think people are rude are the rudes on earth.
They're the most, they're doing the right sensitive.
The people that think they're so sensitive. They're ins. Yeah.
Do you think they think they're doing the right thing? I do too.
I think because I don't think they ever get to hear anybody like me say,
you're not doing the right thing. Well, we live in an echo chamber a bit.
We live in an echo chamber. I know. That's why it's up to us to go. You guys,
um, think things through a little bit more I'm I'm not condemning anybody.
I'm not that kind of person. I think we.
Need more conversations. Absolutely. And.
We need more, we set the best dinner parties till all these self, right.
progressives ruin that. Starting with my own family on Passover.
When we were celebrating the Jews,
leaving Egypt <laugh> and I had this horrible, uh, cousin,
I can't even remember his name. And he goes, well, maybe. And he had long hair.
Well maybe we should, shouldn't be celebrating the death of all Egyptians. Like,
well, that's what the story's about.
And then we'd have like fist bite break out, you know?
And I'd always be the one going, can we just get back to the story?
We just get back.
To the story.
Always someone looking to be offended by some aspect of any story I'm offend.
Every day of my life of how stupid people are. <laugh> God.
They can't be more offensive to me right now than ever has been before.
I'm about ready to get out there and tell people what in the like that has hit
me many times in my life.
There's been times I got outta my car to chase after a mother or two,
the way I seen her treating her kid. I do it. I boots on the ground.
I I'm, I'm not, no, I I'm not. Uh,
I'm not a trifling.
Sort, trifling ISS, a strong word for white person to use.
I've always said that. It's like, it's a next door neighbor to the N word like.
Trifling, trifling. No, it's not Jews use it. We use it trifling.
But it seems when a guy uses it, that's a white guy. It's Hmm. I don't know.
I think a woman to get away with it better than.
A guy came. Well, when I grew up, we lived right next door to African Americans.
You know, we, we lived down where everybody lived together. You know,
there wasn't any, nobody had got to the suburbs yet. Got it.
We lived mid city and uh,
we had all kind of people down there at the bus station where we live.
Trilon is just a great word. It.
Is a good word. It should come back. But.
It's just white people use and it always sounds awkward. Does it,
but white I'm trifling women can pull it off for some strange. It's.
Like silly what? It's such a good word to just scream. Like, I mean, what,
what else did you say? Wallowing and filth. Maybe that's isn't that?
What it does it mean Wal wallowing infil?
Well, I think it more means like you're a fool. You're like a, a,
a moron living, a stupid petty life. Right? It's unimportant or trivial.
Trivial. Yeah. Trivial. That's the word? Perfect.
Trivial. I called that wallowing. Infil or pandering so.
Much better than trivial.
And pandering to love that word. Pandering.
Is common amongst cowards. There's a of cowards. A lot of cowards today. Yeah.
Yeah.
They are they're cowards, but you can't blame 'em cuz you know,
they got drug debts and <laugh>.
Well it's excuse that people don't wanna be attacked.
No they don't. And they have every.
Right to be that way. Mm-hmm <affirmative> I mean, I have like,
this is just before the Jewish holidays. Yo Kippur where I have to repent
anyway, what are you repented for?
All the bad I did this last year. <laugh> that?
I enjoyed <laugh> I don't repent for the I had to do.
Right. But the stuff I did cuz I enjoyed seeing somebody squirm what'd you.
Do seeing somebody squirm.
Oh, I had don't don't say anything. That's gonna get your one's cancel.
I just had to have the last word in personal rela you know, all over the place.
Yeah. That kind of. And in the larger world go for the, yeah.
So I'm just trying to, uh, be a forgiving person.
And so I'll be forgiven and I do ask to be forgiven and I,
by apologizing I'm I am sorry that I made, uh, even one
embarrassing day for anyone who gave me the chance to come on TV
and make a number one show and to all those who I embarrassed,
I am very sorry. And I, I, uh, I think that,
uh, I think I, I owed that and uh,
and I feel it and I, I, I am sorry for,
uh, you know,
allowing myself to become unwell,
uh, mentally, because I, I worked so hard. I didn't look out for myself.
I didn't take the vitamins. I didn't take the.
Shots. We talked about that too.
<affirmative> and your difficulty sleeping and then taking sleeping AB.
I've been so rough Ambien for, since.
That happened. Fantastic. That's that's.
Excellent. Now I take melatonin.
Merin, melatonin, melatonin. Yeah.
That's yeah. From the drugstore.
That's really good. That's really good advice. I mean really good news.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I'm very happy to hear that. That's I scares the outta.
Me. I haven't done any weird things. I mean you, that tweet was just one of 'em.
Oh yeah, no, I know. I follow you on Twitter.
<laugh> I would see the tweet storm, but like Roseanne's on one.
Oh yeah. Roseanne's my, my daughter goes,
you've got to stop with these ambient tweets mother before you lose everything
for us.
Whoa. That's hard for us. Like you little. Whoa.
That's.
Harsh. Don't worry. I'll get even I get what my grandsons I'm like,
Hey you guys.
I think this let's now. And I thought this,
then you just need an advocate kid who understands you. That's all you needed.
You needed it back then. And you know,